https://imgur.com/a/TUzZLM8

Link to image is above.

Additional Requirement (Explanations)

Extra Server:
An additional server is added to handle high traffic volumes and also add redundancy to the infastructure

Load Balancer:
A load balancer (HaProxy) is added to evenly distribute traffic between the two servers. 

What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works:

The load balancer is configured with the dynamic round robin. This is similar to Weighted Round Robin, however, weights are based on continuous monitoring of the servers and are therefore continually changing. This is a dynamic load balancing method, distributing connections based on various aspects of real-time server performance analysis, such as the current number of connections per node or the fastest node response time.

Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both:

The load balancer is enabling an active-active setup. In an active-active configuration, the load balancer spreads out the workload's traffic among multiple nodes while in an active-passive configuration, the server load balancer recognizes a failed node and redirects traffic to the next available node.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works:

Master-slave replication enables data from one database server (the master) to be replicated to one or more other database servers (the slaves). The master logs the updates, which then ripple through to the slaves. The slave outputs a message stating that it has received the update successfully, thus allowing the sending of subsequent updates. The master-slave replication process enables database administrators to replicate or copy data stored in more than one server simultaneously. This helps the database administrator to create a live backup of the database all the time. During some situations, when the master-slave is down to any issues, they can instantly switch over the slave database and keep the application up and running. The replication process ensures that your application doesn’t face any kind of downtime at all. Master-slave replication can be either synchronous or asynchronous.

What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application:

As the Master-Slave replication is a one-way replication (from master to slave), only the Master database node can accept reads/write while Replica can only accept reads

Issues with the Infrastructure

SPOF:
The load balancer is the single point of failure for this infrastructure. If it fails, the whole infrastructure will crash.

Security issues:
The infrastructure has no firewall on the servers (packets coming from the internet enters the network unfiltered) and uses HTTP (which means data is being exchanged unencrypted)

Monitoring:
The servers, load balancer and applications are not monitored. This can be dangerous because if a threat or problem affects our application we will be unaware.
