https://imgur.com/a/Bn79Kwy

Link to image is above.

What are firewalls for:
Firewalls are added to filter incoming traffic. A hardware firewall is added before the load balancer in order to keep the network secure from malicious traffic

Why is the traffic served over HTTPS:
All communications sent over regular HTTP connections are in 'plain text' and can be read by any hacker that manages to break into the connection between your browser and the website. This presents a clear danger if the 'communication' is on an order form and includes your credit card details or social security number. With a HTTPS connection, all communications are securely encrypted. This means that even if somebody managed to break into the connection, they would not be able decrypt any of the data which passes between you and the website.

What monitoring is used for:
A monitoring client is added to the infrastructure to help track the servers, load balancer, application e.t.c. Software monitoring will watch computer metrics, record them, and emit an alert if something is unusual or that could make the computer not work properly happens.

How the monitoring tool is collecting data:
The monitoring tool receives logs and metrics from it's sources and sends the data to the monitoring system (Sumo service)

Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS:
Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going through the server. In order to monitor the web server QPS (query per second), we have to monitor for spikes in either direction.

Issues with this Infrastructure

Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue:
Terminating SSL at load balancer level is an issue because it leaves traffic between the load balancer and web servers unencrypted. Hence, data becomes vuknerable to theft and attacks.

Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue:
If there is high volume of write requests, there will be pressure on the database that accepts the write requests and if the database fails, the application would no longer be able to handle write requests.

Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem:
It cause maintenance problems because if maintenance is performed on a server for a specific component, it will affect other components that are on it. It could also be a problem when there is high traffic on a single component and we want to scale it seperately as scaling the other components will not be necessary.
